Conform Requirements - Overview

Conform is a process, where a server or device is able to match a given
specification or defintion by implementing a series of pre-defined tasks
or actions.

This allows for the rapid deployment and configuration in a declarative 
manner.  In an operational environment predictability, repeatability
and visibility are key.  

Like Perl, the easy should be easy and
the impossible should be possible.

From a sys admin perspective (dev-ops) - learning curve
should be flat - and unnobtrusive.

From a development perspective, it should be easily extensible
and clear on how to develop for and integrate and extend.
Again - if a module or task isn't provided - there should be
a simple way of doing hard things.

Transparecy and logging are key.

"Servers"

Each server or device has an implementation specific way of accomplishing a certain
tasks. E.g. A server can provide package management functions, but each different
operating systems can accomplish this task in their own way. apt vs yum etc.

Servers or devices can implement tasks in a "common" way as well.
E.g. installing a file would be a canditate for a common task
that is provided by a common, server agnostic, implementation.

--

"Server Data" - Runtime Information.

TBD

--

"Tasks", "Actions" and "Directives"

Actions are atomic units of work.
Tasks are a group of actions??

Tasks and actions represent directives that are available to site designers.

Tasks can be "specialised", or generalised. E.g. a server can provide
multiple implementations of the same task - and its up to the server
or the definition, which "version/implementation" should actually be
executed.

Tasks or actions are specified by configuration managers or
site designers, or system administrators with the use of directives
when they provide a specification.  Each task, or action needs to be
identified by a name.  This name must be a synonym for the directive
that implements the specific task or action.

Tasks or actions can inherit from other tasks or actions, 
can require other actions or tasks to be defined before
they are usable, can require that other tasks or actions
have actually been "run" prior to them executing, 
can ensure other tasks should "run" or "execute", depending
on the outcome of the task or action in question.

Tasks/Actions can have the following status after they've run
	executed
	status
	did something
	did nothing
	error

	^
	|
 Need to flesh these out

Tasks/Actions can also be limited to be run on certain types servers.

IDEMPOTENCY! STATELESS! (as possible)
SAFE MODE!

Use the word 'Directive' or 'Verb' instead of task or action.
--

"Pluggability" and "Distributution", or "Deployment"

TBD

--

"Configuraion"

TBD

--

"User Interfaces"

TBD

--

"Integration"

TBD

--

"Reporting" and "Logging"

TBD

--

"Documentation" and "Online Help"

TBD


Client - Agent

Functional

 * Configure a server or device given a specification or definition.

Non-Functional

Server

Functional

Non-Functional
